 Professional Summary:
¬	3.8 years of experience in Manual and Automated testing of web and mobile apps in Industrial Automation and Insurance domains.
¬	Experience as a Tester with Agile software development process and SCRUM.
¬	Employed as Software Engineer in Verizon Communications a Fortune 15 Listed Organization.
¬	Experience in Internet Booking Engine Testing and Payment Processing.
¬	Expertise lies in Functional testing, Manual Testing and Automated Testing, Regression testing, User Acceptance testing (UAT), System testing, Integration testing, Black Box Testing,White Box Testing ,Load testing .
¬	Comprehensive knowledge of software manual and automation testing of mobile apps on Android, iOS, Windows and Blackberry devices.
¬	Experience in API Testing.
¬	Expertise in SOAP UI testing for Webservice and Executing XML based Webservice in SOAP UI tool.
¬	Strong knowledge of automation scripting (Java, Oracle & Ruby) using Cucumber, Calabash & Appium tools.
¬	 Experience in working on projects developed using Objective C, JAVA, .NET, C #, VB, VS 2008, 2010, jQuery, Xamarin Studio, Titanium Studio, Web services - SOAP, PHP, HTML and JavaScript, Node JS.
¬	Automation Testing Skills:
¬	1.10 years of  working Experience with WebDriver.
¬	Experience in  writing Xpath expression
¬	Experience in identifying object locators and creating PageFactory for all the pages.
¬	Experience in working on Page Object Model Design pattern with Hybrid framework.
¬	Good at identifying business component and designing the same.
¬	Created Generic and WebDriver Generic classes function for the entire Project.
¬	Experience with TestNG Annotation, Grouping, and Parallel execution.
¬	Worked with apache POI Library.
¬	Executed test scripts on IE, Firefox & Google chrome
¬	Knowledge in Keyword and Data driven framework
¬	Integrated Ant and TestNG with our current project
¬	Good understanding of Automation life cycle and Quality process.
Manual testing skills:
¬	Experience in analyzing functional requirements and translate them to test cases.
¬	Well acquainted with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
¬	Performed Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing and Compatibility Testing.
¬	Proficient in developing, maintaining and executing test cases for different Black Box Testing methodologies.
¬	Reviewed test cases for peers and given valuable comments about test case coverage and functionality.
¬	Prepared Traceability Matrix to ensure the test case coverage for all requirements.
¬	Working experience in using Test Management and defect tracking tool HP Quality Center, Bugzilla.


SQL EXPOSURE:
¬	Good knowledge in validating data from the database using DML, DDL statements.
¬	Conceptual understanding of Foreign Key, Primary Key and other Constraints.
¬	Proficient in writing complex SQL queries.

Technologies/Methodologies: 
Traditional/Waterfall, Rational Unified Process (RUP), and UML.
Workflow and Dataflow, Agile Process. Windows services
Language:.net, Java, JavaScript, Shell Script, Node JS
RDBMS: Oracle, PL/SQL, SQL Server, Crystal Reports
Software Packages: MS Office, Dreamweaver, MS Project, Microsoft Office Visio, Jira, Jenkin, PEGA,.net
Tools: Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, HP Diagnostics,  HP LoadRunner, SOAP UI, Cucumber, Calabash & Appium tools
Management Tool: Quality Centre, JIRA, Testlink, MS-Suite Ms-Office, Toad, Device Anywhere ,Jenkin,
Git.
Operating Systems:   Windows XP/Vista/win 7/win 8, Linux


Work Experience:

Period
Company
May 2015 to Mar 2016
Verizon Communications, Hyderabad
Jul 2012 to May 2015
DCLI, Hyderabad 

Education	

B.Tech:   Information Technology, 2008-2012 
Biju Patnaik University of Technology, 
Bhubaneswar, Orissa               
India    


                                     

Experience
Software Engineer                                                                                                              11/5/2015 - 20/3/2016
Verizon Data Services India Pvt.Ltd.                                                                                   Hyderabad, India

¬	Reported all performance issues and problems to management as needed.
¬	Understanding the business requirements of the Customer.
¬	 Involved in Project planning, scheduling, testing, defect tracking, management, and reporting. 
¬	Involved in scrums, project status and app demo meetings with client.
¬	 Performed review and analysis of functional requirements, features and test plan design documentation.
¬	Developed test scenarios and test cases based on functional business requirement specifications and design documents.
¬	Written test cases for Smoke, Regression and Functional tests.
¬	 Analyzed and identified the areas of the project for test automation.
¬	Reviewed test cases for every sprint with client and PM.
¬	 Created and executed software test plans, cases and ruby automation scripts to uncover, identify and document issues and their causes.
¬	Ensures business needs are met by the technical solutions proposed in Function Specs and Technical Specs. Assist in the delivery of systems and services that meet or exceed Service Level Agreements (SLA).
¬	Performed complete UI, functionality, integration, interruption, system, regression testing and data validation of the apps on mobiles & tablets.
¬	 Created and executed Cucumber-Calabash automation test scripts developed using YAML and Ruby for both iOS and Android apps.
¬	Created automation scripts to perform localization testing in French, German and Italian languages using YAML concepts.
¬	Created automation framework using Cucumber.
¬	 Used GitHub for versioning, checking-in and checking-out of the automation scripts.
¬	Used InSync SharePoint as repo for QA Documents viz features map, test plan, test scenarios, test cases, test results.
¬	 Tested the apps on variety of iOS and Android devices viz iPhone 5, iPod 5G, iPad Mini, Nexus 4, SAMSUNG S3, Moto G, Nexus 7 tablet.
¬	Tested the apps for different network scenarios like slow network, no network, and % of data loss and for different device-load conditions.
¬	 Documented software defects using Bugzilla bug tracking system and reported defects involving app functionality, UI and content to the software developers.
¬	 Interacted with the development team to improve overall quality of the Application.
¬	 Worked closely with UI team and application developers to validate that solutions met business needs.
¬	 Prepared Demo Scripts document for alpha releases.
¬	 Assisted in sending release notes and builds to client via test flight and drop-box.
¬	Participated in daily standup meetings with on-site and off-site teams.
¬	 Delivered thorough QA manual and automation testing reports and Release Notes that determined product quality and release readiness.
¬	Reduced redundancy of report requests from business users by creating daily, weekly, and monthly reports using SQL Query.
¬	Logged issues to JIRA and prepared reports for day to day Status and escalated whenever is required.
¬	For Business Process Management used PEGA Tools.
¬	Experience in ITIL process.



Software Engineer                                                                                                     12/7/2012 -  4/5/2015               
DCL Information Technologies                                                                                Hyderabad, India

¬	Gathered and analyzed functional and business requirements to write Test cases for manual testing, to identify and document issues and their causes.
¬	Done test cases preparation for Aviation Based project
¬	Completed testing for IBE payment processing for Airline for VISA payment.
¬	Involved in test planning, scheduling, testing, defect tracking, management, and reporting. 
¬	Involved in scrums, project status and app demo meetings with client. 
¬	Gathered and analyzed functional and business requirements to write Test plans, Test cases for manual testing. 
¬	Created and executed software test plans and cases to uncover, identify and document issues and their causes.
¬	 Performed complete UI, functionality, integration, interruption, system, regression, orientation testing and data validation of the apps on mobiles & tablets. 
¬	 Created automation test scripts using Java and executed them for both iOS and Android apps using Appium tool. 
¬	Created automation framework using TestNG. 
¬	 Tested the apps for both portrait and landscape orientations on iPads and Android tablets. 
¬	 Tested the apps on both emulators and real physical devices of different form factors. 
¬	 Performed compatibility testing of both apps and web services. 
¬	 Performed data validation using TestRest web client via browser and SQL queries.
¬	 Tested push notifications and Pass Wallet/ Google Wallet features.
¬	 Tested the apps for different network scenarios like slow network, no network, and % of data loss and for different device-load conditions. 
¬	Extensively used Dalvik Debug Monitor to analyze the app crash logs. 
¬	Documented software defects using JTrac and Assembla bug tracking system and reported defects involving program functionality, UI and content to the software developers. 
Skill Sets:

Comprehensive problem solving abilities.
Passionate and Innovative and a Quick Learner.
Handling with client at onsite 
Providing workarounds for immediate solutions whenever is required to the clients
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and good interpersonal skills.
Ability to deal with people diplomatically, Willingness to learn and a Team facilitator. 

Personal Detail:

Marital Status		                 Married	
Nationality		                     Indian
Date of birth                      14 June 1989
Sex:		  	                        Female
Passport No                        M9713493
VISA Status                        UAE Resident Visa Valid Till: - May 2019
